PowerPulse Fitness&Diet project frontend part

Purpose Our application was created especially for you, if you like to have your
body and health under control. Power Pulse is an application that will make your
life more comfortable. It will allow you to monitor your calorie intake and
physical activity every day. It will also let you know which products are
recommended for you and which should not be in your diet. Using the diary, the
user will be able to observe how many minutes he worked out and what exercise he
did, as well as what and in what quantity he consumed.

Our target audience The application is designed for every person who loves
himself and also wants to have more control over his body and health. Age
category - from 18 years.

Technologies used • HTML • CSS • GITHUB • JavaScript • React • Redux

The goal of the application The main goal of the app is an accessible, fast and
convenient interface that is easy to use and understandable to everyone. The
possibility of use by anyone and in any country.

Development team

Vadym Agienko, Team lead. [linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/vadym-agienko)
|| [github](https://github.com/made-by-curiosity)

Viktor Biruk, Scrum master. [linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/viktor-biruk)
|| [github](https://github.com/vikttur)

Ihor Kulinskyi, Developer.
[linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ihor-kulinskyi) ||
[github](https://github.com/IhorKulinskyi)

Uliana Hrynyshyn, Developer.
[linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ulianahrynyshyn) ||
[github](https://github.com/Uliana2022ua)

Oleg Vlasiuk, Developer.
[linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/oleg-vlasiuk-1480a6265) ||
[github](https://github.com/VlasiukOleg)

Artem Shapoval, Developer.
[linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/artem-shapoval) ||
[github](https://github.com/TyomaShapoval)
